= README =


== This Is Beta Quality Code ==

This code works well enough that I use it as my sole interface to NB. If
you have an interest in using it, let me know or just grab the code and try
it. The only configuration that is required is to put the nbc directory
into your path and to set the path to nb at the start of the nbc.sh file. 

== NanoBlogger Command Line ==

I use [NanoBlogger], called NB by its fans, as the technology for [my
blog]. I'm rather happy with its simplicity. I have several [blog postings]
discussing my use of NB. My biggest complaint with it is its [CLI]. No
matter how much I use it, I cannot remember the syntax for commands or make
my hands type them correctly. 
I'm not sure whether the difficulties I have with the NB command-line are
due to the way my brain is wired, NB being limited by [backwards
compatibility], or something else. The only thing I know is that I find it
painful to use in its current form.
Unburdened from backwards compatibility, I have been writing a front-end to
NB that is more intuitive; that is, more intuitive to me. The CLI actually
follows a formal grammar that is defined in the rather verbose comment near
the end of [nbc.sh].

[NanoBlogger]: http://nanoblogger.sourceforge.net/
[my blog]: http://www.neilsmithline.com
[blog postings]: http://neilsmithline.com/archives/blog/
[CLI]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface
[backwards compatibility]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backwards_compatibility
[nbc.sh]: file:nbc.sh


== What's Missing ==

I have not completely rewritten the NB user interface. I have just done the
parts I use. For example, I don't use or support NB's:
* Drafts
* Importing entries
* Changing entries' dates
* Queries (a very powerful feature but doesn't fit my use model)
* Articles
* Meta-files

== Credits ==

While I like my CLI very much, it only exists because of the cool work done
on [NanoBlogger]. As NB is doing most of the work, credit should go there.
* ----

[NanoBlogger]: http://nanoblogger.sourceforge.net/

